Now in order to build an application with the Mearns stack we need to thoroughly understand how it works.
So in this module will dive a bit into Merlin and how the different pieces work together in theory towards
the end of this module we'll also have a look at simple Mirna application.
But of course for the course will then build a bigger one.
But learning this theory and understanding the big picture is crucial.
Specifically in this module we will have a look at all the different pieces react node Express and Mongo
TB and understand how these pieces are connected or how these pieces are working together because of
course Data's in the anti essence of the Mearns stack.
Do you understand how to combine all these technologies.
You will all learn in this module that there is more than one way of combining these technologies and
therefore we'll have a look at those different approaches and I'll explain the pros and cons of the
different approaches and which approach we'll use in this course.
And with that let's dive right in and let's have a look at the big picture of the Mearns stack and how
that all works.